Blogging so after seeing the is or commission and different option we have then we have some additional
option for a dentist confutation let's just cover them one by one.
So the distribution distribution of the vitriol machine across the different costs.
So if we take this option for availability distributes a more even number of vitriol Mushin across Haast
this option meaning does the data.
We'll distribute it to your machine to be almost equally between two different hosts.
So for example if you have five hosts and one hundred machines.
So the defense will try to distribute about 20 virtual machine for each of the hosts if you need to
migrate to vitrine from a host want to host to he will automatically try to get our Another video machine
from CG to host that tab list resouce loading and migrate back to the host number one.
So the total will be 20 virtual machine and the host number one and 20 virtual machine in the house
number two and so on and so on.
Of course it should not be equal for 100 percent but it's about nineteen ninety five percent of the
vitrine machine should be equal into different toss.
For example 10 11 or 20 21 etc..
So this is the option that you need for any reason you can enable this one to have the same number of
the virtual machine across different tasks.
Of course in our example we are not going to use it then we have the memory metric for load balancing.
This is the second option for us to calculate the load buttons on the different toasts.
Information about do memory consumption.
So load balanced budget or Qasimi memory of virtual machine rather than active memory.
If you remember when we create a host that how far she.
And then we create a machine we can give this machine about six gigabytes of RAM.
But in the right environment this machine does not cost you all six gigabytes of time.
Also for example we have two machine with 4G gobshites and the second one.
We 4G bite into same host and that host only have the 4G gobshites both the two virtual machine will
go into work because they do not consume the fall for DECONCINI only about one you go by the cigarette
machine and also consume one gigabyte.
So we have the consumer with only two gigabytes of the house and we have two gigabytes free if we chose.
Load balanced budget on our cost me more of that your machine lets me load the bongs due the RAM give
it is vitriol machine and you see are a lot more solid.
This is only recommended for cluster with a host.
Memory is not over committed that's me.
If all that thought of the virtual machine in the same house that you configured the city of Washington
and give it a specific run how to top that off.
On Sumeet Memali in does but you should not committed the frame of the host.
In for example here if we give a virtual machine 16 gigabytes and the host have only eight gigabytes.
This option we are not going to work for you because it is illogical.
When he see that a virtual machine can stream 16 gigabytes and the hosts only have 8.
Why is it remote going to migrate this virtual machine for a host that does not have at least 16 gigabytes
and this will give you a neuron in your environment.
So this is we'll going to use it if you have more rain in your house and you don't have a problem off
the memory.
Then you can enable this one so just to get an idea about the memory metric for load balancing and then
we have do you overcommitted.
Of course we need to disable this one city overcommitted is the same as memory.
We control Seip you overcommitment in the cluster.
So if you give two machine you stink and the total of those C.P of those machine is more than the speed
of the host.
Then the press will take action and migrate one of those virtual machine to another host that have free
speech that can support this virtual machine so you can check it overcommitted and your tools do a percentage
of the sleepy over commitment.
So this is the idea about some other option.
Then we have the power management option and it's all up to this one.
Then we check power management.